Greetings to High Radius!
My name is Anant Srivastava and I would like to take a couple of minutes of your precious time to introduce myself and assure you that why hiring me as a consultant for your esteemed company will be a great choice .
I come from a well reputed family residung in Gorakhpur and have completed my schooling from St. Michael's Convent School situated in Mankapur near Gonda Uttar pradesh with decent msrks being above 90% both in 10th and 12th standard respectively. 
Currently I am pursuing btech at kiit in bhubaneshwar .
My coursework has provided me with a strong foundation in computer science and engineering in the last 3 years of graduation , I have been able to augment hands on experience attained through previous internships. 
Octa net is one of them where I performed as a frontend developer successfully developing a responsive netflix clone with feature rich UI
I have also done projects.  Jeevan being one of them is a health-care website successfully developed and designed. 
I know the basics of various programming languages along with AI and Data analytics  Along with these technical skills, I have worked with a diversity of people,  so I 'm team player .I have been praised for my relationship-building and communication skills which I think will be a huge asset for your organization
 I hold positions in various college societies and have managed the work , Be it organizing an event of 500+ people or volunteering various programs taking place in college insides I hold a number of certifications mentioned in my CV .
Though I'm a tech student yet I have a great inclination towards Consultation work .The reasons being that it opens the opportunity to work on real challenging business problems and allows full utilisation of one's analytical skills to come up with solutions. Being a frequent  public speaker and a debater I think consultancy would be a perfect field for me to showcase my talent and be an asset for this company.I am truly looking for such a great experience. 
I have seen the way Your Company  has managed to acquire and engage faith of millions in the past few years and I love to making an impact , spreading the word and seeing further growth levers of the company. 
i am dedicated and passionate and I guarantee that you won't regret hiring me .
I am keenly loonking forward for suggestions and your valuable response. 
Thankyou for having me .